content/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Welcome - Django Day Copenhagen 2023"
date: "2022-12-27"
description: "Djangonauts from in and around Denmark are meeting up for the second edition of Django Day Copenhagen 2023, October 6"
draft: false

---

# Latest updates

* [Venue: Union, Copenhagen](/venue/) <span class="badge badge-pill badge-success">BOOKED</span> ✅ 
* [Call for Participation](/cfp/) <span class="badge badge-pill badge-success">OPEN</span> ✅ 
* [Ticket sales](/tickets/) <span class="badge badge-pill badge-success">OPEN</span> ✅
* Looking for Django Day 2022 videos? [Find them here](https://2022.djangoday.dk/#program) ⏯️

Djangonauts from in and around Denmark are meeting up for the fourth edition of
Django Day Copenhagen, to be held on **October 6th**. It will be a full day of talks,
either to be experienced **online -or- at our venue**.

Come and meet your local and excellent community and share with them.
[Tell us](/cfp/) about your idea and your contribution to make this a great day.

##### 2023-08-10: First speakers announced!

We're happy to announce the first names in the program! But there is still space in the program for more talks. Please submit before August 21th.


<div style="clear: both"></div>


# Program

Django Day is a full day of talks, all connected to modern issues faced
by Django developers of all experiences. It's a single-track
event, meaning that you won't have to miss anything. The day will end
with a round of **lightning talks**, which can be submitted on the day of the event,
and be drawn during the day.


{{< talklist >}}


# Supporters

*Corporate Supporters will be announced here. We thank everyone for their support here, which is indispensable to make Django Day take place.*


<ul class="sponsors">

<li><a href="https://ao.dk/" target="_blank" class="sponsor">
{{< imgProc
img="logo_ao.png"
command="Fit"
options="300x80"
alt="AO"
class="img-sponsor"
>}}
</a></li>

</ul>

<ul class="sponsors">

</ul>

# Who are we?

Django Day is brought to you by [Django Denmark](https://www.django-denmark.org/),
an association formed in 2018 with the aim of creating and supporting education
and networking activities in relation to The Django Web Framework.

## We can use your help

If you want to help us with Django Day, please send us an email to
[info@django-denmark.org](mailto:info@django-denmark.org).

# Previous events

<ul class="timeline">
    <li>
        <a href="https://2022.djangoday.dk">Django Day Copenhagen 2022</a>
        <a href="https://2022.djangoday.dk" class="float-right">April 8th, 2022</a>
        <p>First in-person event after the pandemic! It was held at Onkel Danny's Plads.</p>
    </li>
    <li>
        <a href="https://2021.djangoday.dk">Django Day Copenhagen 2021</a>
        <a href="https://2021.djangoday.dk" class="float-right">Postponed</a>
        <p>Sadly this was postponed to 2021 due to the pandemic. Link contains archive of planned talks and speakers.</p>
    </li>
    <li>
        <a href="https://djangogirls.org/en/copenhagen/">Django Girls Copenhagen 2021</a>
        <a href="https://djangogirls.org/en/copenhagen/" class="float-right">April 10th, 2021</a>
        <p>Event was held online, click link for more info.</p>
    </li>
    <li>
        <a href="https://2020.djangoday.dk">Django Day Copenhagen 2020</a>
        <a href="https://2020.djangoday.dk" class="float-right">Sept 25th, 2020</a>
        <p>First event held online due to the pandemic! But also accomodated 50 people in person!</p>
    </li>
    <li>
        <a href="https://2019.djangocon.eu/">DjangoCon Europe 2019</a>
        <a href="https://2019.djangocon.eu/" class="float-right">April 10-14th, 2019</a>
        <p>We originally decided that we would do another Django Day 2019 in Copenhagen. But then we got pretty caught up in organizing DjangoCon Europe 2019 in Copenhagen and postponed Django Day.</p>
    </li>
    <li>
        <a href="https://2018.djangoday.dk/">DjangoDay 2018</a>
        <a href="https://2018.djangoday.dk/" class="float-right">April 17th, 2018</a>
        <p>Django Copenhagen Day 2018 (slides etc. archived at link above) was a fantastic start for Django Denmark. Before this, we had smaller meetups for many years, but as they slowed down, we decided to try an bigger gathering.</p>
    </li>
</ul>

Commit message:

Add mention of party and lightning talks

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Welcome - Django Day Copenhagen 2023"
date: "2022-12-27"
description: "Djangonauts from in and around Denmark are meeting up for the second edition of Django Day Copenhagen 2023, October 6"
draft: false

---

# Latest updates

* [Venue: Union, Copenhagen](/venue/) <span class="badge badge-pill badge-success">BOOKED</span> ✅ 
* [Call for Participation](/cfp/) <span class="badge badge-pill badge-success">OPEN</span> ✅ 
* [Ticket sales](/tickets/) <span class="badge badge-pill badge-success">OPEN</span> ✅
* Looking for Django Day 2022 videos? [Find them here](https://2022.djangoday.dk/#program) ⏯️

Djangonauts from in and around Denmark are meeting up for the fourth edition of
Django Day Copenhagen, to be held on **October 6th**. It will be a full day of talks,
either to be experienced **online -or- at our venue**.

Come and meet your local and excellent community and share with them.
[Tell us](/cfp/) about your idea and your contribution to make this a great day.

##### 2023-08-10: First speakers announced!

We're happy to announce the first names in the program! But there is still space in the program for more talks. Please submit before August 21th.


<div style="clear: both"></div>


# Program

*The [call for participation](/cfp/) is still open and more talks will be announced!*

Django Day is a full day of talks, all connected to modern issues faced
by Django developers of all experiences. It's a single-track
event, meaning that you won't have to miss anything. The day will end
with a round of **lightning talks**, which can be submitted on the day of the event,
and be drawn during the day.


{{< talklist >}}


# Supporters

*Corporate Supporters will be announced here. We thank everyone for their support here, which is indispensable to make Django Day take place.*


<ul class="sponsors">

<li><a href="https://ao.dk/" target="_blank" class="sponsor">
{{< imgProc
img="logo_ao.png"
command="Fit"
options="300x80"
alt="AO"
class="img-sponsor"
>}}
</a></li>

</ul>

<ul class="sponsors">

</ul>

# Who are we?

Django Day is brought to you by [Django Denmark](https://www.django-denmark.org/),
an association formed in 2018 with the aim of creating and supporting education
and networking activities in relation to The Django Web Framework.

## We can use your help

If you want to help us with Django Day, please send us an email to
[info@django-denmark.org](mailto:info@django-denmark.org).

# Previous events

<ul class="timeline">
    <li>
        <a href="https://2022.djangoday.dk">Django Day Copenhagen 2022</a>
        <a href="https://2022.djangoday.dk" class="float-right">April 8th, 2022</a>
        <p>First in-person event after the pandemic! It was held at Onkel Danny's Plads.</p>
    </li>
    <li>
        <a href="https://2021.djangoday.dk">Django Day Copenhagen 2021</a>
        <a href="https://2021.djangoday.dk" class="float-right">Postponed</a>
        <p>Sadly this was postponed to 2021 due to the pandemic. Link contains archive of planned talks and speakers.</p>
    </li>
    <li>
        <a href="https://djangogirls.org/en/copenhagen/">Django Girls Copenhagen 2021</a>
        <a href="https://djangogirls.org/en/copenhagen/" class="float-right">April 10th, 2021</a>
        <p>Event was held online, click link for more info.</p>
    </li>
    <li>
        <a href="https://2020.djangoday.dk">Django Day Copenhagen 2020</a>
        <a href="https://2020.djangoday.dk" class="float-right">Sept 25th, 2020</a>
        <p>First event held online due to the pandemic! But also accomodated 50 people in person!</p>
    </li>
    <li>
        <a href="https://2019.djangocon.eu/">DjangoCon Europe 2019</a>
        <a href="https://2019.djangocon.eu/" class="float-right">April 10-14th, 2019</a>
        <p>We originally decided that we would do another Django Day 2019 in Copenhagen. But then we got pretty caught up in organizing DjangoCon Europe 2019 in Copenhagen and postponed Django Day.</p>
    </li>
    <li>
        <a href="https://2018.djangoday.dk/">DjangoDay 2018</a>
        <a href="https://2018.djangoday.dk/" class="float-right">April 17th, 2018</a>
        <p>Django Copenhagen Day 2018 (slides etc. archived at link above) was a fantastic start for Django Denmark. Before this, we had smaller meetups for many years, but as they slowed down, we decided to try an bigger gathering.</p>
    </li>
</ul>
