content/cfp.md, before:

---
title: "Call for Proposals"
date: "2023-01-14"
---

Djangonauts from in and around Denmark are meeting up for the third edition of Django Day, to be held on October 6th 2023.
It will be a full day of talks, followed by an evening of social events.

Come and meet your local and excellent community and share with them.
Tell us about your idea and your contribution to make this a great day.

The event will accommodate 50-100 people physically and be streamed live and recorded for additionally larger audiences.
The program will accommodate talks that are at different levels and a wide variety.

**First time doing a talk? We want you to submit!**
It is very understandable and encouraged to ask questions when preparing your talk,
please don’t hesitate to write cfp@django-denmark.org.


## Formats 🌈

We are looking for:

* 25 minute talks
* 5 minute lightning talks (can be submitted on the day)


## Subjects 📚

* How are YOU using Django?
* Django internals and challenges in modern web development.
* Wild ideas, clever hacks, surprising or cool use cases.
* Improving Django and Python developers’ lives.
* Pushing Django to its limits.
* Fundamentals, in a modern light.
* The Django and Python community, culture, history, past, present & future, the why the who and the what of it all.
* Security.
* Documentation.
* Advancing and advocating Django in Denmark and the Nordic region.
* Whatever you deem appropriate – it’s your event!


## Deadline 🔥

**We'll announce a new deadline soon**

Submit before **August 31st 2023 23:59:59 UTC+2**.
The final program will be announced on September 1st.


## Bonus 🎁

If your submission is accepted, you will get a voucher for a free ticket. Lightning Talks do not qualify.


## Submission 🧐

Submit your proposal by writing: cfp@django-denmark.org - please include:

* Talk title
* Description (50-100 words) + abstract (any length, markdown formatting allowed)
* Profile photo
* Whether your participation is conditioned by travel support
* First-time speaking: Yes/no
* Target audience: All/beginner/advanced
* Anything else we should accommodate?

Commit message:

Make it visible that CFP is closed

content/cfp.md, after:

---
title: "Call for Proposals"
date: "2023-01-14"
---

**The following Call for Proposals closed on August 31st.**

Djangonauts from in and around Denmark are meeting up for the third edition of Django Day, to be held on October 6th 2023.
It will be a full day of talks, followed by an evening of social events.

Come and meet your local and excellent community and share with them.
Tell us about your idea and your contribution to make this a great day.

The event will accommodate 50-100 people physically and be streamed live and recorded for additionally larger audiences.
The program will accommodate talks that are at different levels and a wide variety.

**First time doing a talk? We want you to submit!**
It is very understandable and encouraged to ask questions when preparing your talk,
please don’t hesitate to write cfp@django-denmark.org.


## Formats 🌈

We are looking for:

* 25 minute talks
* 5 minute lightning talks (can be submitted on the day)


## Subjects 📚

* How are YOU using Django?
* Django internals and challenges in modern web development.
* Wild ideas, clever hacks, surprising or cool use cases.
* Improving Django and Python developers’ lives.
* Pushing Django to its limits.
* Fundamentals, in a modern light.
* The Django and Python community, culture, history, past, present & future, the why the who and the what of it all.
* Security.
* Documentation.
* Advancing and advocating Django in Denmark and the Nordic region.
* Whatever you deem appropriate – it’s your event!


## Deadline 🔥

**We'll announce a new deadline soon**

Submit before **August 31st 2023 23:59:59 UTC+2**.
The final program will be announced on September 1st.


## Bonus 🎁

If your submission is accepted, you will get a voucher for a free ticket. Lightning Talks do not qualify.


## Submission 🧐

Submit your proposal by writing: cfp@django-denmark.org - please include:

* Talk title
* Description (50-100 words) + abstract (any length, markdown formatting allowed)
* Profile photo
* Whether your participation is conditioned by travel support
* First-time speaking: Yes/no
* Target audience: All/beginner/advanced
* Anything else we should accommodate?
